This is the simulator.
From the home screen, you can launch the simulator
into either training mode or autonomous mode.
You can also select which track you want to work with.
For the behavioral cloning project,
you only need to work with this first track.
But if you want to give yourself an extra challenge,
you can also train your vehicle to drive on the second track.
Before diving into training though,
let's take a look at the controls.
In training mode, there are actually three different ways
to steer the vehicle.
You can steer with the A, W, S, and D
keys, which you might be familiar with if you
play video games.
Or you can steer with the arrow keys up, down, left, and right.
Or you can steer with the mouse.
Steering with the mouse actually outputs
the best steering measurements and the training data.
But I usually steer with the arrow keys.
Because I find that to be the easiest.
You can also press the R key on your keyboard
to turn recording mode on and off.
Let's go collect some training data.